[Docs] 8.16.2 Release Notes (#204126)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Kibana platform::
* Fixes an issue with the global search field that could open the wrong page when pressing "Enter" while results were not yet fully loaded ({kibana-pull}197750[#197750]).

[[release-notes-8.16.2]]
== {kib} 8.16.2

The 8.16.2 release includes the following enhancements and bug fixes.

[float]
[[enhancement-v8.16.2]]
=== Enhancements

> In this release, we've introduced an image based on the hardened link:https://github.com/wolfi-dev/[Wolfi] image to provide secure containers to our self-managed customers, help with compliance regulations, and improve our supply chain security posture. Wolfi-based images require Docker version 20.10.10 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we've introduced an image based on the hardened link:https://github.com/wolfi-dev/[Wolfi] image to provide additional security to our self-managed customers, and improve our supply chain security posture. Wolfi-based images require Docker version 20.10.10 or higher.
```

Minor rewording per internal discussion :)

Author: RIght, I forgot about that! Thanks @leemthompo 😄
